THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, MAY 22, 1905.

PREPARING FOR BATTLE.

OYAMA DEPLOYING FORCES 

IMPENDING BIG BATTLE.

RUSSIAN REPULSES

St.Petersburg, May 20. Tdegramis received here indicate that the Japanese are assuming a general offensive. (R.)

Tokio, May 20.
Official). ,On the 18th inst. the Japanese repulsed 3 Russian columns simultaneously advancing southward in the vicinity of the railway. The Russian cavalry also attacked Kant Ping to the right of the Liao but were repulsed with heavy loss. (Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, May 20.
The newspapers state that the Japanese my Army is forming up in battle order. (Havas.)

St. Petersburg, May 21. the movements of the armies in Manchuria indicate the imminence of a big battle. (H.)

Tokio, May 21. 
Oyama is deploying heavy forces against General Linievitch’s left. He is also in contact with him on the centre and right. It is not yet clear which wing is demonstrating, and which will deliver the main blow ,but it is evident from Linievitch’s preparations that he intends to accept a decisive battle.
Oyama reports the repulse of two fresh Russian infantry and cavalry attacks in the direction of Fakuman ou the 19th inst. (Keuter.)

THE EMPEROR OF KOREA. 

REPORTED REMOVAL TO JAPAN.

PEKING, May 20.
The Russian Charge d’Affairs has informed Chax that the Japanese propose to remove the Emperor of Korea to Japan, which is in a contravention of the Simonoseki treaty. (Reuter.)

Tokio, May 31.
The report concerning the removal of the Emperor of Korea is oficially denied. (R)

CAPTAIN KLADO DISMISSED.

St, Petersburg, May 21. An order of the Tsar dismisses Captain Klado. (Reuter)

RUSSIAN DEFENCE COUNCIL.

St. Petersburg, May 21.
A rescript of tho Tsar creates a permanent Defence Council in view of developing the fighting forces of the Empire, and of assuring the uniformity of the military and naval administrations. It charges a commission under the presidency of the Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaievitch to prepare a law concerning this. (R.)

St. Petersburg, May 21. 
The Tsar has issued a rescript creating a permanent Council for the defence of the State. (Havas.)

THE CASE OF THE “CALCHAS." 

COTTON PRONOUNCED CONTRABAND.

St. Petersburg, May 21. 
With reference to the British S.S. "Calchas” which was seized by the Russians on the 26th July 1901, the Supreme Prize Court has decided to confiscate the cotton and the wooden beams and to ascertain the destination of the parts of machinery which were on board by enquiring of the owners, and to release the steamer and the rest of the cargo. It upheld the legality of the seizure of the steamer in order to prevent pecuniary claims. An interesting point of the judgment is that cotton was pronounced contraband. (Muter.)

WARSAW BOMB OUTRAGE

Warsaw, May 20.
Twenty-one persons were wounded, three of them seriously, by the bomb outrage. The workman responsible was a member of the extreme section of Socialists. The police are conducting a house to house search and many arrests have been made. (Reuter.)

RELIGIOUS PROTECTORATE IN THE EAST.

GERMANY'S ATTITUDE

Berlin. May 20. 
The "Koelnische Zeitung," in an inspired article, declares that Germany does not desire to be saddled with endless annoyances resulting from the protectorate of Christians in the East, but does not recognise the right which is assumed by France. It points out that German subjects should be under German jurisdiction.
(Reuter.)

THE BALTIC FLEET.

ANCHORED AT HAINAN.

Paris, May 21.
A telegram received from Saigon says that Admiral Rodjestvensky's auxiliary cruisers returned from the Annaunese coast on Friday night and anchored at Port Dayot, outside territorial waters, apparently seeking for the colliers. They were instructed to convoy them to the main fleet, which, it is reported, has gone to anchor at Hainan.	(Reuter.)

ADMIRAL JOSCQUIERES QUITS SAIGON.

Saioon, May 20.
Admiral Joncquieres has left here on board the “Guichen" for an unknown destination.

NEW BRITISH WARSHIPS LAUNCHED.

London, May 21.
The battleship “Africa" was launched at Chatham yesterday and the cruiser “Cochrane" at Glasgow.	(Reuter.)

TURCO-ROUMANIAN DISPUTE.

Bucharest, May 21.
A serious Turco-Roumanian dispute has arisen owing to the imprisonment of two Romanian school inspectors by the Turks at Janina. Romania insists on reparation and threatens otherwise to break off relations. (A.)

GREECE AND CRETAN UNION.

Athens, May 21.
M. Delyannis stated in the Chamber of Deputies that he had every confidence that the union of Crete to Greece would be effected as soon as circumstances permit	(Havas.)

CRICKET.

London, May 20.
Australians beat the Gentlemen of England by an innings and 189 runs. The Australians made 555 for 6 wickets, when the innings was declared closed. Armstrong 248, Darling 177 ; both not out. Cambridge University v. Warwickshire, Hampshire c. Northamptonshire and Leicestershire v. Yorkshire were drawn.
(Reuter.)

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.

Lord Cromer arrived at Alexandria from Cairo yesterday and lunched with Mr. and Mrs. Gould at the British Consulate. In the afternoon Lord Cromer was received in audience by the Khedive at Ras-el-Tin Palace subsequently returned to Cairo by the afternoon express.

Dr. von Rosen, German Minister in Morocco, who arrived in Cairo from Asmarra eight days ago and has since been stopping at Shepheard's Hotel, left Egypt for Berlin on Saturday.

Judge Batcheller, of the Mixed Appeal Court, is leaving for Europe on the 22nd June. Miss Batcheller left Alexandria on Friday by the Messangeries Maritimes steamer for Paris and New York, and returns later to join the judge at Homburg in July.

Commendatore Augusto Luzzatto, general manager of the Bank of Egypt, Limited, and Mrs. Luzzatto are shortly leaving for Europe.

The marriage of Captain T. Egerton Ruck, of the Gloucestershire Regiment, and Miss Eleanor P. Mitchell Innes, a relative of the Under Secretary of State for Finance to the Egyptian Government, took place quietly on Friday week at St. Mary Abbot's, Kensington. Owing to the recent, bereavement in tho bridegroom’s family only immediate relatives were present

Mr. Russell A. Colvin has been attached to the Sudan Irrigation Service as chief engineer

Dr. Hagop C. Barsumian has been authorised to practice in Egypt
A
mongst the latest arrivals at the Eastern Exchange Hotel at Port Said are Mr. and Mrs. A. Nathan, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Mailer, Dr. Benegel, Mr. and Mrs. Rudd, Mr. A Tinier, Mr. U. Rossetto, Mr. S. H. Nichols. Mr. C. S. Ball, Mr. M. Alabam, Mr. and Mrs. Temins, Mr. A. H. Long, Dr. Buckler, Mr. F. L Cohen, Mr. W. H Giles, Mr. D. Vallance, Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Tite, Suleiman bin Nasaai Bey, Mr. D. S. Rabagliatii

BECK & CO’S PILSENER BEER
BREMEN
WEARS NO HONEST COMPETITION FOR QUALITY
N.B -Inferior brands now being offered to Mau ager of of certain good circles
Beware of evilly diagnosed competitors running down this very Beromaa feiUHto*

LOCAL AND GENERAL

Mohamed Aly Mosque.—The Mosque of Mohamed Aly at the Citadel is to be lighted with electricity.

The Salaries of Mosque Attendants are to be raised, so far as Cairo is concerned, in accordance with tho decision of the Wakfs Administration.

Wakps Administration. — The Supreme Council of the Wakfs Administration has granted L.E. 2,000 to the Orwa el Woaka’s foundlings' home at Alexandria.

Suez Canal.—11 vessels passed through the Canal on the 18th inst., 9 of which were British and 2 Turkish. The receipts for the day were frs. 322,395.80, making the total from the 1st inst frs. 5,553,128.18.

Canine Regulations. — The Alexandria Municipality's regulations in regard to the muzzling of dogs and the general control over dogs, have been approved by the Government and will be put in force shortly.

Upper Egypt Hotels Company.—Mr.Ernest Stangeo, of Berlin, director general of the tourist business of the Hamburg-Amerika Line, has been appointed to a seat on the board of directors of the Upper Egypt Hotels Company.

Windsor Hotel.—The first orchestral concert of the season on the verandah of the Windsor Hotel took place yesterday evening, and drew a largo crowd, who greatly appreciated the excellent selections rendered by a first-rate orchestra.

Mariout. — The canard which has been going the rounds of the Press, to the effect that an arrete of the Mixed Appeal Court has confirmed the Bedouins in possession of land at Mariout, provided they have improved the land, is destitute of any foundation.

Land Bank of Egypt.—During the past week two large mortgages were registered by the Land Bank of Egypt at the Mixed Courts at Alexandria, one for LE 80,000 and the other for L.E 200,000. The former mortgage was at the rate of six per cent., and the latter at five per cent.

A Departmental Exchange.—Sagh. Herbert, of H.H.S. "Aids," of the Ports and Lighthouses Administration, has been transferred to the Coastguard Administration, and Sagh, Trelawuy, of the Coastguard Administration, has been transferred to the Ports and Lighthouses Administration.

British Chamber of Commerce.—The May number of the Bulletin of the British Chamber of Commerce of Egypt has appeared. It contains no original articles. The only literary matter cousists of extracts from the Judicial Adviser's Report and Sir Hanbury Brown's articles on, "Inland Navigation in Egypt," which lately appeared in our columns.

Egyptian Water-ways.—The Government intend to draw up a series of regulations on tho subject of the navigation and control of Egyptian water-ways. These regulations will be submitted to the Mixed Appeal Court and will be applicable to both Europeans and natives. They will deal with the control of weirs, river police, size of boats, etc., and will be promulgated in the autumn.

Riding Accident.—Our Minet el Kaimh Correspondent writes,.—On the afternoon of the 18th inst., at the Mouled of Sitt Dimiana, near Belkas, while some of the natives were taking part in a tournament on horseback, two pairs of horsemen left at the same time from opposite ends—which is contrary to custom —with the result that two of the horsemen riding in opposite directions collided violently. Both riders were thrown from their mounts. One of them was able with assistance to walk off the field, but the other was rendered unconscious and had to be carried into a tent.

San Stefano Casino.—The season at San Stefano was successfully inaugurated on Saturday evening by the first grand ball of the year. Although the entrain in the ball room (which by the way was beautifully decorated) was not very great, a large number of members of the fashionable world thronged the adjoining rooms and corridors, while the verandah bore a very animated appearance. The diners were numerous, and the evening being fine, everyone enjoyed the function. The buffet was amply provided with good things and reflected great credit on the management. Yesterday the Casino was largely patronised, on the occasion of the first concert of the season.

THE KHEDIVE.

The Khedive remained at Ras-el-Tin Palace until 5.30 p.m. on Saturday, when his Highness proceeded to Montazah.
The Khedive received Sheikh Selim el Baishri, Sheikh Shakir, and Sheikh Hassanein el- Adawi, of Al-Azbar, at Ras-el-Tin Palace on Saturday.
The Khedive intends before he leaves for Europe to visit those mosques at Alexandria where religious instruction is given, and to satisfy himself as to the attendance and proficiency of the scholars.
The Khedive is paying a visit to-day to his estates at Mariout.

COTTON’S NEW FOE.

A MYSTERIOUS WORM.

Having been informed that some 300 feddans of cotton cultivation at Kafr Khadr, Tantah markaz, are being ravaged by a small green worm, which is not the Agrotia or But worm, and which does not appear to be the Bodenia Littoralium or ordinary cotton worm, Mr. Willcocks, the entomologist of the Khedivial Agricultural Society, proceeded this morning to Tantah from Cairo to visit the spot with the Moudir and diagnose the precise nature of the worm, which is attacking the leaves and not the root of the young plants.
In the meantime some 300 men and boys are busily engaged in picking the worm.

THE LOCUST VISITATION.

The following note has been issued to the Moudirs of Beni-Souef, Asaiout, Minieb, and Assouan :—
"Locusts having been observed in your province, your most earnest attention is called to the necessity of awaking the liveliest interest on the part of the mamours and their subordinates, the omdehs,sheikhs and the whole of the population.
"Any necessary expenditure will be made on your own responsibility against the special credit already opened for the destruction of the cotton worm.
"The most important measure now is to see that each place on which the locusts have settled even for a short time is carefully observed and marked, so that a search may be instituted for eggs immediately.
“Inform every one that eggs collected and brought to a markaz or police port will be paid for at the rate of 100 milliemes per oke
“100 P.T. reward will be paid to every person who firs’, reports a spot where eggs have been laid.
“It must be clearly understood that the danger to the cultivation is not from the locusts which have now arrived, but from their young, which, it the eggs laid are not promptly destroyed, will be hatched in from 20 to 30 days’ time, and it must be remembered that each female locust lays nearly 300 eggs.
"You are requested to call the attention of your mamours to the decree of 16-6-1891, which must be rigidly applied as required, both for the purpose of searching for eggs, and later for the destruction of the young locusts.
“Attention is also called to the decree of 26 April last year, authorising moudirs and mamours to plough up any land on which eggs are deposited in sufficient numbers to constitute a public danger.
“This decree empowers the administrative authorities to make use of all persons, animal. and implements necessary for the purpose.
“Any crops which are already ripe should be cut first, and care must be taken, after ploughing, to harrow or otherwise break op the large clods of earth."

THE PLAGUE.

Two cases of plague were notified from Damanhour last week. One of the patients died in hospital yesterday morning. The total number of cases now under treatment is 6, viz., 5 natives at Toukh and one European at Damanhour.

CATTLE PLAGUE.

Ten deaths due to cattle plague were reported during the week ending 20th inst, from the following districts: 1 at Alexandria, 2 at Yehia, 5 at Mina el Kamh, 1 at Mit-Ghamr, and 1 at Chibin el Kom. The number of deaths during the corresponding period last year was 7,119. 1,080 animals were inoculated between the 14th and the 20th May.
Since the commencement of the epidemic the total number of deaths amounts to 147,209, distributed as fellows Gonvernorats, 892 ; Lower Egypt, 54,087; Upper Egypt, 92,230.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.

The Moss liner "Menes" arrived on Saturday afternoon last, from Liverpool, via Gibraltar, Algiers, and Malta, with passengers, mails, and general cargo.
The Messageries Maritimes S.S. "Portugal," from Marseilles, passed the Straits of Messina on Saturday and is due at Alexandria tomorrow.
The Ellerman S.S. "Britannia" sailed hence on Saturday afternoon for Liverpool with passengers and general cargo, including 1,407 bales cotton.
The Westcott S.S. “Orchis" sailed from Malta on Saturday afternoon and is due here on Monday.
The Westcott S.S. "Orestes" leaves Port Said in a few days and is due here on or about the 26th inst with a general cargo from London and Malta.

MILITARY BAND PERFORMANCE.

By kind permission of Lient-Col C. J. Markham and officers, the band of the 1st Batt. King’s Royal Rifles will perform the following programme of music at the Esbekieb Gardens to-morrow (Tuesday), commencing at 9 p m.
> PimrfTroli™—OoVtoii Sport* (Mo*. IL Aradd)-l*rvw«r.
I Tb* Tartlrt Puni^Mfehaolia	^	Q
B*dmMMl March.
Khsimal Aslham.
CM «»t, Ik* XI**-
Tbswzs Bicrv, Booteacur.

LUXOR NOTES.

(From Our Correspondent.)

Luxor, Friday.
Since last I wrote you, the smallpox epidemic here has abated, and according to report there have been no new cases the last two days. Miss Gibson, of whom I wrote you last week, succumbed to the malady. The other Europeans that were attacked have recovered.
There was a serious accident between here and Armant yesterday. The axle of a truck of a goods train broke, through the truck being overladen, derailing seven tracks that were behind it, which all went to pieces. Fortunately there were no casualties, only one man, a mussaffer, was slightly injured. This accident would, however, have caused a serious hindrance to the traffic, but owing to the able management here, men and material were at once on the spot, and the line was soon cleared and repaired, with no delay whatever to the trains.

THE MINISTERS.

Pakhry Pasha, Minister of Public Works and of Public Instruction, left Alexandria for Cairo yesterday afternoon, as also did Boutros Pasha Ghali, Minister for Foreign Affairs, and Abani Pasha, War Minister.
Fuad Pasha, Minister of Justice, left for Europe by the Austrian Lloyd steamer on Saturday.

EGYPTIAN ARMY.

His Highness the Khedive- has been most graciously pleased to approve of the following promotion:—El Bimbashi A. R. Lempriere, Deputy Assistant Adjutant General, to be Kaimakam, from 3rd May, 1905.
Captain C. G. M. Blomfield and Captain D. H. V. Bengough, both of the Royal Warwickshire Regiment, having reported their arrival in Egypt from England, are taken on the strength of the Egyptian Army from 4th May, 1905, with the rank of Bimbashi. Captain Blomfield is posted to the 13th Sudanese and Captain Bengough to the 9th Sudanese Battalions.
Lieuntenant D.S.B. Thomson, M B., Royal Army Medical Corps, having reported his arrival in Egypt from England, is, taken on the strength of the Egyptian Army from 21st April, 1905, with the rank of Bimbashi. This officer is posted to the Medical Corps.
The following transfers and appointments hare been approved :—
El Kaimakam H. Gordon Bey, commanding 10th Sudanese, to be Assistant Adjutant General, from 3rd May, 1905.
El Kaimakam A R. Lempriere Bey, Deputy Assistant Adjutant General, to be officer commanding 10th Sudanese from 3rd May, 1905.
El Bimbashi W. P. Sweny, acting officer commanding, Arab Battalion, toSundan Government, from 4th May, 1905.
El Bimbashi W. H. Drake, Staff Officer, Khartoum District, to be Deputy Assistant Adjutant General from 3rd May, 1905.
El Bimbashi C. Leigh, D.8.O., 9th Sudanese, to be Staff Officer, Khartoum District from 3rd May, 1905.
El Bimbashi C. Garvioe, D.S.O., 13th Sudanese, to be officer commanding Arab Battalion, from 4th May 1905.
Three months' leave of absence has been granted to El Bimbashi Brakenridge, Medical Corps, and El Bimbashi Hills, Department of Supplies.

"El Sudan" states that Lewa Henry Pasha, Adjutant General, is to be succeeded by Macaulay Bey, Director, Sudan Railways.

LETTER TO THE EDITOR
We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions expressed by our correspondents, but we will, in a spirt of fair play to all, to permit— within certain necessary limits— free discussion. 

PROPOSED NURSING HOME

To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—I quite agree with the leader as well as the letter re opening a Nursing Home in Alexandria, and I go so far as to say that it is a disgraceful thing that there should be four of these establishments in Cairo and not one here. Our English resident community is now very large and there are numbers of single men and single young women earning their bread in this city who, when ill, have to accept the shelter of foreign hospitals and also to be satisfied with the attendance either of foreign doctors or foreign nurses. But I see no practical suggestions have been made as to how to start such an institution, and for the very reason that those suggestions should proceed from the principal doctors of each community of Alexandria. I can well understand that the large European hospitals would greatly regret losing their ten-francs-a-day patients; but I cannot understand why the doctors should not hail with delight an arrangement which would certainly put more money into their pockets. If the leading medical men of our city would join hands, as was proposed by Drs. Mackie and Zancarri years ago, the Nursing Home would soon be established. Funds would be forthcoming for building and furnishing purposes, and such a home would of course be self-supporting if each doctor sent his private patients there instead of to the big hospitals. If Dr. Milton, after a very short sojourn in Cairo, was able to run a Nursing Home of his own, it seems to me absurd to say that there could be any possible difficulty in the way of starting such an establishment in Alexandria.—Yours faithfully, 
Pro Bono Publico. 
Alexandria, May 90.

SPORT AND PLAY

A. S. C.

SECOND SUMMER .MEETING.
The following are the entries for the 2nd Summer Meeting
1st Day.
Mustapha Stakes.—Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Bey’s Florence, Hussein Bey Sioufi and Mr. A. J. Michselides’ Mashkour, Moharrem Pasha Chehin's Mabrouk, Prince Toussoun’s Fahd and Mouftakbar, Capt G. Gillson’s Brennus.	.
Mex Plate.—Mr. E Karam's Tamerlan and Boheme, Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Bey'a Rachid. Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Menelik II. and Kendal, Mr. A J. Sursock’s Venicius. Khalil Pasha Khayat's Klondyke, Baron J E. de Menasce’s Radium, Moharrem Pasha Chehin's Mizzaud, Saleh Bey Yaghen’s Bonjour
Maiden	Pony Plate.—Omar Bey Bolton and Bakri Bey’s Oyama, Saleh Bey Yaghen’s Ide, Spectre and Mayesha, Messrs Rees and Barkers India, Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Fantazia and St Frusqnin, Khalil Pasha Khayat’s Suleik, Mr. Tueni's Viking, Moharrem Pasha Chehin's Chutney.
Ibrahimieh Handicap.—Mr. E Karam’s Eclipse, Hussein Bey Sioufi's Peacock and Atragak. Ishack Bey Hussein’s Shahrour, Saleh Bey Yaghen’s Abon Arkoun, Messrs.
W. B. Rees and G. H. Barker's India, Ibrahim Bey Cherifs. St Frusquin, Khalil Pasha Khayat’s Latiff, Mr. uneni's Patrone, Moharrerm Pasha Chehin’s Chutney.
2nd Day. 
May Sklling Race—Mr. E Karam’s Coeur de Lion, Capt G. B. Byrne's Mahmoud. Omar Bey Sultan and Bakri Bey's Oyama, Hussein Bey Sioufi's Atragak. Ishack Bey Hussein’s Sir Visto. Messrs. W. B Rees and G. H. Barker's Firefly.
Omnium Stakes.—Khalil Pasha Khayat’s Bandusis, Mohsen Pasha's Merry Rustic, Prince Mohamed Ibrahim's Fra Antonio.
Montazah Plate.—Mr. E Karam's Tamerlan and Boheme, Capt G. B Byrne's Chinaman, Hussein Bey Sioufi's  Sweetie, Ishack Bey Hussein’s El Tahawi, Saleh Bey Yaghan’s Bonjour, Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Kendal, Khalil Pasha Khayat’s Klondyke, Baron J. E de Menasce’s Radium, Mohsen Pasha’s Gogo.
Pont Stakes —Hussein Bay Sionfi’s Peacock and Atragak. Saleh Bey Yaghen’s Spectre and Mayesha, Messrs. W. R Rees and G. H. Barker’s India, Ibrahim Bey Cherifs Fantazia, Khalil Pasha Khayat's Suleik, Mr. Tueni's ' Petrone, Moharrem Pasha Chehin's Chutney.

NOTICE.
The Omnium Stakes will be reduced to P.T. 2,500, of which P.T. 500 to the 2nd hone.

CRICKET.
A.C.C t. THE GARRISON.
This match was played last Saturday and resulted in a win for the AC.O. by the small margin of 6 runs For the AC.C. Messrs., Henley and Thurston were the only ones that were able to master the bowling, their partnership patting on 47 runs and saving the club from a very insignificant total For the Garrison, Pte. Webb played a good innings, including two 6'a. Loa-Corp. Morrison also played well for his 26. Scores :—
A.C.C
Mr. H.	R Carver, c. Spencer, b. Sides	...	 0
„	A. L P. Weedon, run out	...	12
„	C.D. Stacey, b. Sides. ...	…	 0
„	G. H. Cheesman, k.b.w., b, Sharpe...	 7
„	K. Macaulay, b. Sharpe ... .......... 15
„	A. Mustard, c. and b. Sharpe.		 3
„	S. C. Loyatt, c. Sides, b. Sharpe	 0
„	E G. Henley, c. Webb, b. Burke	...	89
„ 	H. F. Thornton, a Spencer, b. Burke   21 	
“	C.S Dawson, not out ...	...	 0
„	A. Pappo, b. Sharpe.. ,..	...	 4
Extras ... ...................... ...		18
Total 	...	113
The Garrison XL.
L-C. Morrison (K.B.R.) c. Carver b.
Henley …………..’……………..26
L-C. New (R.B.R.) run out................... 3
Sgt. Burke (R.A.) b. Carver ... ...	12
Sgt. Spencer (ARC.) b. Carver .............. 0
Cpl Weaver (R.B.R:) c. Pappo, b. Carver 1 
Lieut Sharpe (R B.B.) h. Carver ... ...	0
Sgt Godfrey (R.B.R) o. Carver, b. Henley 0 
Pte. Webb (R.B.R) o. Thurston, b.
Mustard....................... 46
Pte. Sides (R.B.R.) c. Macaulay, b. Carver	4
Pte. Small (R.B.R.) not out.....3
Pte. Morgan (R.B.R) c. Pappo, b.
Mustard................. ...	4
Extras .... ... ................... 8
Total	...	...	...	107

ALEXANDRIA SCHOOLBOYS’ RACE 
On Saturday morning,commencing at 6o'clock, a race was run from Sidi Gaber to Alexandria for one silver and two bronze medals. Ten boys entered for the race, all of them pupils of the Scotch School. Till the Sporting Club was reached the whole of the runners kept pretty well together,.but at this point Pace (14) took the lead, which he kept till he reached the Rond Point turning. Here he slowed up suddenly, and was soon overtaken by the brothers Benveniste, who had kept together all the way. Eventually, R Benvpoista (15) came in first, having covered the distance in 18 minutes. His elder brother(17), though rather exhausted, was not very far behind him, while about 30 yards separated the second and third.
Orfanelli took his ease till reaching Ibrehimieh, being the last but one to pass the Casino, then he began to put on speed. At the comer of Rosetta-road be caught up Kasheer (15),having then three others in front of him. Little by little he lessened the distance between himself and Pace (14) and, passing him, finished third. Had the race been a little longer he would probably have won. Of the ten competitors, five finished Within 20 minutes, via, R Benveniste, J. Benveniste, A Orfanelli, Pace, and Kasheer. This is good running when we consider the distance, and that all the competitors were mere boys.
It is proposed to have another race in about three months' time, but the plan and exact date are not yet fixed.

THE BALTIC FLEET.

ANCHORED AT HAINAN.

Paris, May 21.
A telegram received from Saigon says that Admiral Rodjestvensky's auxiliary cruisers returned from the Annaunese coast on Friday night and anchored at Port Dayot, outside territorial waters, apparently seeking for the colliers. They were instructed to convoy them to the main fleet, which, it is reported, has gone to anchor at Hainan.	(Reuter.)

ADMIRAL JOSCQUIERES QUITS SAIGON.

Saioon, May 20.
Admiral Joncquieres has left here on board the “Guichen" for an unknown destination.

NEW BRITISH WARSHIPS LAUNCHED.

London, May 21.
The battleship “Africa" was launched at Chatham yesterday and the cruiser “Cochrane" at Glasgow.	(Reuter.)

TURCO-ROUMANIAN DISPUTE.

Bucharest, May 21.
A serious Turco-Roumanian dispute has arisen owing to the imprisonment of two Romanian school inspectors by the Turks at Janina. Romania insists on reparation and threatens otherwise to break off relations. (A.)

GREECE AND CRETAN UNION.

Athens, May 21.
M. Delyannis stated in the Chamber of Deputies that he had every confidence that the union of Crete to Greece would be effected as soon as circumstances permit	(Havas.)

CRICKET.

London, May 20.
Australians beat the Gentlemen of England by an innings and 189 runs. The Australians made 555 for 6 wickets, when the innings was declared closed. Armstrong 248, Darling 177 ; both not out. Cambridge University v. Warwickshire, Hampshire c. Northamptonshire and Leicestershire v. Yorkshire were drawn.
(Reuter.)

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.

Lord Cromer arrived at Alexandria from Cairo yesterday and lunched with Mr. and Mrs. Gould at the British Consulate. In the afternoon Lord Cromer was received in audience by the Khedive at Ras-el-Tin Palace subsequently returned to Cairo by the afternoon express.

Dr. von Rosen, German Minister in Morocco, who arrived in Cairo from Asmarra eight days ago and has since been stopping at Shepheard's Hotel, left Egypt for Berlin on Saturday.

Judge Batcheller, of the Mixed Appeal Court, is leaving for Europe on the 22nd June. Miss Batcheller left Alexandria on Friday by the Messangeries Maritimes steamer for Paris and New York, and returns later to join the judge at Homburg in July.

Commendatore Augusto Luzzatto, general manager of the Bank of Egypt, Limited, and Mrs. Luzzatto are shortly leaving for Europe.

The marriage of Captain T. Egerton Ruck, of the Gloucestershire Regiment, and Miss Eleanor P. Mitchell Innes, a relative of the Under Secretary of State for Finance to the Egyptian Government, took place quietly on Friday week at St. Mary Abbot's, Kensington. Owing to the recent, bereavement in tho bridegroom’s family only immediate relatives were present

Mr. Russell A. Colvin has been attached to the Sudan Irrigation Service as chief engineer

Dr. Hagop C. Barsumian has been authorised to practice in Egypt
A
mongst the latest arrivals at the Eastern Exchange Hotel at Port Said are Mr. and Mrs. A. Nathan, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Mailer, Dr. Benegel, Mr. and Mrs. Rudd, Mr. A Tinier, Mr. U. Rossetto, Mr. S. H. Nichols. Mr. C. S. Ball, Mr. M. Alabam, Mr. and Mrs. Temins, Mr. A. H. Long, Dr. Buckler, Mr. F. L Cohen, Mr. W. H Giles, Mr. D. Vallance, Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Tite, Suleiman bin Nasaai Bey, Mr. D. S. Rabagliatii

BECK & CO’S PILSENER BEER
BREMEN
WEARS NO HONEST COMPETITION FOR QUALITY
N.B -Inferior brands now being offered to Mau ager of of certain good circles
Beware of evilly diagnosed competitors running down this very Beromaa feiUHto*