THH EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1905.

MANCHURIA.

ABORTIVE RUSSIAN ATTACK

TSAR’S TROOPS REPULSED

Tokio, May 22.
A Russian force attacked. Tang-She to the right of the Liao Ho, 13 miles south west of Pakumen, on the 20th inst. After two hours engagement the Russians retired. Their causalities were 300 killed and wounded. A Russian attack to the east of Chang-Tu-Fu was also repulsed (Reuter.)

THE BALTIC FLEET.

TAKING INDIRECT ROUTE.

Hong Kong, May 22.
A steamer which has arrived here reports that the Baltic Fleet passed the Bashi Channel, to the south of Formosa, thus indicating that Admiral Rodjestvensky is avoiding the Pescadores. Islands and is taking an indirect route for Vladivostok.	(Reuter.)

Saigon,	May 22.
It is rumored that forty Russian ships have passed through the strait to the south of Formosa (Havas.)

Saigon, May 22.
Admiralal de Jonqujeres has returned after having again, visited the entire Annamese coast. He ascertained that no man-of-war has returned thither since the 11th inst. (R.)

ADMIRAL BIRILEFF'S DEPARTURE.

St. Petersburg, May 22.
Admiral Birileff will start for Vladivostok on the 25th inst. (Reuter.)

RECONNAISSANCE FROM VLADIVOSTOK.

Tokio, May 22.
It is repotted that a junk filled with Russian officers has been captured. This is presumably a reconnaissance from Vladivostok. (Reuter.)

DESPATCHING RUSSIAN TROOPS.

NOTABLE INCREASE OF ACTIVITY.

St. Peterburg, May 22.
There is a notable increase of activity in the despatch, of troops from Poland to the Far East. Detachments are starting daily and are composed of picked men from each regiment whose place will he filled by reservists. (R.)

THE CHINESE IN JOHANNESBURG

ATTACK ON NATIVE COMPOUND.

London, May 22.
The “Daily Chronicle" learns from Johannesburg that 1,000 Chinese attacked the native compound on the 14th inst. and killed 2 Kaffirs and one Indian. (Reuter.)

ABYSSINIAN RAILWAY.

A NEW CONVENTION.

Paris, May 22.
England, France, and Italy are negotiating a convention with reference to the Abyssinian railway which will prevent any nationality obtaining a monopoly to the detriment of another. It is expected it will be signed in a few days. (Reuter.)

FRANCE AND GERMANY

Berlin, May 22 
The French Ambassador has handed over M. Loubets gifts to the Crown Prince's fiancee. (Havas.)

M ALPHONSE DE ROTHSCHILD'S HEALTH.

Paris May 22.
M. Alphonse de Rothschild's state of health, which gave rise to great anxiety, is becoming satisfactory	(Havas.)

Anglo-American Nile Steamer,
& HOTEL COMPANY.
RIVER TRANSPORT OF GOODS BETWEEN ALEXANDRIA & CAIRO
Three Sailings a-Week
Agents at Alexandria;—
ALEXANDRIA SONDED WAREHOUSE CO

ARISTON AERATED WATERS
Guaranteed Distilled

“SCENE" IN THE HOUSE.

ONE HOUR’S UPROAR. SITTING ADJOURNED.

London, May 22.
House of Commons. - Mr. .Campbell Bannerman moved an adjournment to draw attention to the statement of Mr. Balfour that the question of Colonial preference might be submitted to a Colonial Conference in 1906. He maintained that this was inconsistent with Mr. Balfour’s Edinburgh proposals and subsequent pledges, involving two general elections, first on the question of a Colonial Conference and second on the decisions of the Conference, and that its policy was a safeguard against any sudden change.

Mr. A. Lyttelton rose and stood 10 minutes attempting to speak, the opposition meanwhile shouting: "Balfour! Balfour!" till finally he sat down in face of the terrible din. Mr. Winston Churchill then rose and was received in turn by a deafening uproar from the Ministerialists, and not a word he said was audible. After a few words from Mr. LloydGeorge, Mr. Lyttelton rose again, evoking a renewal of the confusion. Several members appealed to the Deputy-Speaker to adjourn. Mr. Campbell Bannerman appealed to Mr. Balfour to speak. Mr. Austen Chamberlain and Mr. Brodrick vainly attempted to address the House, and the Deputy Speaker was finally obliged to adjourn without putting the question. The “scene” lasted over an hour. (Reuter.)

PERSONAl AND SOCIAL

The Prime Minister and the other Ministers will leave Cairo tomorrow morning for Alexandra and will remain here until they bid farewell to the Khedive on Thursday.

Sheikh el-Shirbini, of Al Azbar, stayed on Saturday night at Ras el-Tin Palace at the the special invitation of the Khedive. The sheikh has never paid a visit to Alexandria and hardly ever leaves the walls of Al Azbar, like Sheikh Aly el-Adawi, who spent twenty years without leaving the university.

Mahmoud Abou Hussein Pasha and Said Bey Abou Hussein visited Lord Cromer yesterday to thank his lordship for the honor he had paid them in visiting their ezbeh at Kafr Rabieh during his recent trip in the Delta.

Mahmoud Pasha Sidky, Governor of Alexandria will go on leave from the 14th June till the 27th September.

H. H. the Khedive has bestowed the Order of the Medjidieh (1st class) on the Hon. J. W. Riddle, American Diplomatic Agent, on the occasion of his departure from Egypt.

Major L'Estrange Johnstone, President of the Railway Board, will return from Europe on 9th June.

Mr. Herbert Hay has been appointed Advocate General of the Sudan.

Mrs. Crookshank left for England yesterday by the P. & O. S.S. “Macedonia." Crookshank Pasha accompanied Mrs. Crookshank to Port Said.

Bimbashi Cobbe, Assistant Commandant of the Alexandria City Police, is leaving Alexandria tomorrow for Boni Souef in order to assist in fighting the cotton worm.

Mr. Claude J. Rolo has made donations of £10 each to the British Benevolent Fund and to the Sailors and Soldiers' Institute on the occasion of his marriage with Miss Piha.

Lieut. L. B. Ray, A.S.C., has been granted leave of absence for two months, pending retirement from the army.

Three and a half months leave of absence has been granted to Edward Elias Bey, inspector, Ministry of the Interior, from the 16th June.

The following visitors are staying at the Bean-Rivage Hotel, Ramleh : Col. G Harvey Pasha, Capt. and Mrs. W. H. Rotheram, Mrs. J. H. Farrar and courier, the Misses Farrar, Mrs. E Liddell, Mr. and Mme R Hondeir, Mr. and Mrs. Jules May, Mr. and Mrs. L. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. George Heine and family, Dr. and Mme. Amb.G Ralli, Miss L Wormer, Mr. B. F. Chester, Miss Lewis Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. A. Millar and family, the Misses Me Page, Mr. and Mrs. E. Bernard, Mrs H. Cay.

GRAND HOTEL BONNARD.
ALEXANDRIA
5s. PER DAY, WINE INCLUDED

TYROL- Weissenstein Castle 341 ft. First class private hotel near Windisch-Matrei; Station, Lienr (reached from Venice or Trieste). Good mountaineering centre. Tennis. Fishing, best June and September. Prospectuses and Photographs, " Egyptian Gazette " office, Cairo.
25365-48-46

LOCAL AND GENERAL

The Plague— A new case of plague has been admitted into hospital at Menouf, where a fatal case has also occurred.

The Ministerial Offices will be transferred from Cairo to Alexandria for the summer about the middle of next month.

Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the Esbekieh quarter of Cairo during to-night and at dawn to-morrow will be poisoned by the police.

A Bold Claim —Mahmoud Said, chief of the Yemen rebels, has sent a proclamation to the Cherif of Mecca declaring that he is Caliph.

A New Pyramid.—A pyramid has been erected at Kurot, in the Sudan, to the memory of the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men of the British Army who died there in the Gordon Relief Expedition of 1885.

Mariout.— Miralai Hopkinson Bey, Commandant of the Alexandria City Police, returned to Alexandria yesterday after a careful inspection of the police outposts in the Mariout district.

Mahmoudieh Canal Traffic.— Barge traffic in the Mahmoudieh Canal will be stopped between the Kafr-Dawar and Alexandria locks, during the repairing and the repainting of these works, from the 10th to the 30th June.

Gairo Scientific Society.—A meeting of the society will take place at the School of Medicine on Thursday, 25th inst, at 4.30 p.m., at which Dr. Elliot-Smith will communicate some “Notes on the Pigmies of Central Africa."

Suez Canal — 16 vessels passed through the Canal on the 19th inst, 6 of which were British, 3 French, 2 Austrian, 1 Egyptian, 3 German, 1 Dutch. The day's receipts were frs. 454,648.47, making the total from the 1st inst. frs. 6,007,776.65.

Greek Resident’s Legacies.—M. Achillo-poulo has handed over to the president of the Hellevic community in Cairo the sum of £25,000 bequeathed by his late brother. Of this sum £15,000 has been allotted to the Greek girls’ school, £8,000 to the Greek Hospital to be built at Abbasieh, and £2,000 to the Greek Benevolent Society.

Cape to Cairo Railway.— Tho concluding meeting of the Colonial section of the Society of Arte, to be held in London today, has been looked forward to with a good deal of interest. The Duke of Marlborough will preside, and Sir Charles Metcalfe will read a paper on "The Cape to Cairo Railway."

A Trophy For Khartoum.— The Niam-Niam expedition, which has returned to Khartoum after putting down the revolt in the Bahr-el Ghazal , has brought back a curious trophy, in the shape of the Saltan's great war drum. It is cut out of the trunk of a tree, stands four feet high, and is carved to represent a buffalo.

Murder with Robbery.— Three Lelamaim Bedouins have been sentenced to hard labour for life for killing a seller of cotton goods on the 20th August last year. As the deceased was walking from the village of Abou Khalil to Beni-Rafr in company with his servant, they were attacked by these three Bedouins. The cotton-seller was killed and the servant fainted. The Bedouins took all that they could lay their hands on and escaped but were soon captured in Abou Khalil village. Said Hasaan, omdeh of Benii Rafr, on hearing of the murder, promptly surrounded Abou Khalil village (although this was not within his jurisdiction) with bis ghaffirs, and succeeded in arresting the murderers and recovering the stolen property. The ease was tried at Assiout and the Court, on the conclusion of the case, expressed the liveliest satisfaction at the prompt action of Said Hassan, who has been awarded L.E20 by the Ministry of the Interior.

A. L M. & D. S.—An excellent programme has been got together for the concert of the Alexandria Literary, Musical, and Dramatic Society at the San Stefano Casino this evening. There are fourteen items, and the contributors include Mrs. F. Cree, Miss Euna Lang Anderson, Miss MunGavin, Miss Helene Lulos, the Misses Alice, Giorgina, and Gemma Fiteni, Mr. L. A. Johnson, and Mr. P. Byrne. Mrs. Cree will sing "Je ne veux pas d'autres choses" (Godard) and No. 1 of Brahm's "Chansons Tziganes." Mias MunGavin will sing “One Flower" (Dandridge) and “My Heart is Weary," from Goring Thomas's Nadeschada. Miss Helene Lulos will contribute two pianoforte solos, "Adagio Grazioso" (Beethoven) and Liszt's famous "Rhapsodie Hongroise." The Misses Fiteni will also give some numbers on the pianoforte, Andante Maestoso "Dichter end Bauer" (Suppe), “Glockenspeil Allegrette” op. 15 (Krammer), and "Ouverture moderato, paragraph 3 (Suppe). Miss Euna Lang Anderson will contribute two violin solos, a Minuetto by Bolzoni and Mariani's "L’Abandono." Mr L. A. Johnson's numbers are two selections from Indian Love Lyrics, “The Temple Bells” and “When I wake," and “The Lute Player" (Francis Allitsen). Mr. Byrne will ring the “Slave Song" by Teresa del Riego and "Queen of the Roses”, from Sullivan's "Haddon Hall”.

THE COTTON WORM

OPERATIONS AT KAFR KHADR

The worm reported at Kafr Khadr, Tantah markas, is pronounced to be the Labhyema esigua. The full-grown worm is considerably smaller than the Agrodis and is green in colour, with a dark line running horizontally along each side. The eggs are laid in the bersim on various kinds of grass, and on the lower side of the cotton leaf. When the eggs are first hatched, the young worms remain together and feed in groups, but after the first few days they stray all over the plant, eating the epidermis of the leaf, which rapidly turns brown and frizzles away. It appears that the worms do not feed during the heat of the day, but go down to the ground, where they take shelter from the sun.

At Kafr Khadr the area of 300 feddans, which was badly attacked, has now been cleared by some hundreds of boys, who proceeded to shake the worm off the plants and then pick them off the ground. The young plants, which have suffered considerably, will probably revive, and the crop need not ultimately suffer.

The entomologist of the Khedivial Agricultural Society of opinion that these worms, which have now been found among the young cotton, belong to the third brood, and considers it possible that later broods may combine with the true cotton worm in the attack on the cotton plants at a later stage.

Careful observation and hand picking, as prescribed for the Prodenia littoralis, or cotton worm proper are necessary, as it is evident that this worm, if neglected, is capable of inflicting very serious damage.

In compliance with a request from the Ministry of the Interior, the Imperial Ottoman Bank have placed the services of Mr. Wortabet at their disposal for cotton worm duty.

Mr. Wortabet, who had considerable experience in locust plague in Cyprus, was very successful in performing similar work during the locust plague in Egypt last year.

CAIRO WATER FAMINE.

A Cairo correspondent writes . — We are being visited by one of those heat waves which dwellers in Cairo are accustomed to expect at this season of the year, and it is obvious that at such periods water for domestic purposes becomes our most precious commodity. But as usually happens in this country, when a thing is most urgently needed it it not to be had. It is therefore hardly strange that our water supply has diminished to almost vanishing point. Today (21st) I find there is no water at all. I might mention that daring the last spell of heat a week or so ago the price of ice was quadrupled. I have been frequently told by persons living on the second and third floors of houses in Cairo that habitually and under ordinary circumstances they can only get water during certain hours of the day. They find it useless to complain to the company. That a company earning such enormous profits as the Cairo Water Company, and with a Government representative on the board in the person of Sir Horace Pinching, should thus be permitted to neglect its duty and imperil the health of Egypt’s Capital with impunity, is extraordinary.

THE KHEDIVE

The Khedive will return to Montazah from Mariout this evening, and will come to Ras-el-Tin Palace tomorrow morning.

The Khedive will visit the mosques of Alexandria on Thursday at 8.30 am. The Governor, the Director of the Wakfs Administration, Abdul Halim Pasha Assem, and a number of Ulema will receive his Highness at Abou El Abbas Mosque.

BUOYAGE OF SUEZ BAY.

The following changes have been made in the buoyage of Suez Bay:
Spit Buoy. 2 gas lights, green has been moved to the following position 
Kal-Ah-Kebirah North beacon
N. 54 W. 10.6 cables. 
Kal-Ah-Kebirah beacon on shoal
N. 87 W. 9.7	
Newport rock light S. 1/2 E. 15.7	„
Suez Canal Buoys Outer North Buoy. 
Gas light, red 
has been moved to the following position: — 
Kal-Ah-Kebirah North beacon
S. 77 W. 11.2 cables. 
Kal-Ah-Kebirah South beacon
S. 46* W. 15.6	„
Old Boiler S.75 E 8.9	„
OUTER SOUTH BUOY. Gas Light, Green 
has been moved to the following position:— 
Kal-Ah-Kebirah North beacon
S.83 W. 11.7 cables. 
Kal Ah-Kebirah South beacon
S. 51 W. 15.7	
Old Boiler .. S. 81 E. 7.6	,.
Bearings are magnetic, and taken from the buoys.

WINDSOR HOTEL.
Largest 1st class and most comfortable Hotel in Alexandria. Facing the sea Central position. Under English management. 

ALDERSON’S CARDEN, BULKELEY.
EMPIRE DAY. 
WEDNESDAY, MAY 24
By kind permission of the Colonel Officers, the Royal Berks Band will play from 4 to 6pm.
Hockey match on roller skates. Fireworks and dancing. Holders of White Permits and Birtish Garrison admitted. 

NOTES FROM SUAKIN.
(From Our Correspondent.)
Suakin, May 17.
The weather here has been almost unbearable for the last few days. It is very hot and damp. Notwithstanding, only a few miles away from here it has been raining heavily, and much damage has been done to the railway line. In some parts the line has been washed away tor a length of several miles through the heavy rainfalls coming from the mountains into the khors, over which bridges will have to be erected. All the available men of the Railway Battalion are on the line repairing the damage done.

The Rev. E. H Blyth, Church of England Chaplain, left for Suez by the S.S “Mahallah" on tho 9th inst. He has requested Mr. Mackenzie, superintendent, Eastern Telegraph Company, at Suakin, to continue the Sunday prayer meetings,in the evening, which are now carried on at the Eastern Telegraph Company's office. An organ belonging to Mr Jenkins of the Sudan Government Railways, has been kindly lent by him for the Sunday services.

The Italian steamer “Ciampa," belonging to a Venetian company, arrived here yesterday with a full consignment of timber planks, &c., for Suakin merchants.

It was reported some time ago that the Sudan Government steamer “Mukhbir" would be sold, but it is now officially announced that the Government will still retain the “Mukhbir" for another-two years, until at least Port Sudan is completed by the Works Department.

NOTES FROM PORT SAID.

(From Our Correspondent).
Port Said, Saturday.
At dawn yesterday the North German Lloyd S.S. “Rhein" arrived here having on board, in addition to a few ordinary passengers, 1,170 German bluejackets, who proceed to Kiao Ghau to relieve the crews of men-of-war there in commission. Throughout the day, bands of 200 or so, in charge of an officer, roamed about the town evidently much interested in all they saw. They were mostly all young men, apparently going East for the first time. The vessel entered the Canal at midnight.

The Rennie Line S.S "Inkula" arrived the same day. This vessel is chartered by the Russian Government as a hospital ship, and had on board 1,147 wounded and sick for Odessa, for which port she sailed at dawn today. I was struck, on boarding her, by the seeming comfort with which the men were surrounded. Amongst other things, Russian ladies had provided 400 long cane chairs, and numerous swinging cots were slung about the upper deck

The S.S. ‘Orestes” only left yesterday at 3 p.m. with the pigmies on board, all well.

EGYPTIAN ESTATES.

The statutory meeting of the Egyptian Estates. Limited, will be held in London on the 26th proxo.
Mr. Gerald Shepheard. director of the Aboukir Land Company and of the Egyptian Estates, Limited, arrived at Alexandria today from London on important business connected with the latter company.

We learn that the company have just acquired two contiguous plots of land in the quarter bordering the Mahmoudieh Canal, covering an area of about 14,000 square pies and including several buildings, on very advantageous terms. Economical houses in separate blocks will very probably be erected on the land soon.

ANOTHER NEW COMPANY.

EGYPTIAN FINANCIAL AND MERCANTILE AGENCY, LIMITED.

Registered May 9th, by Cheston and Sons, 1, Great Winchester Street, EC. Capital, £1,000, in £1 shares. Objects: To acquire mines, farms, land, concessions, leases, claims, rights and other properties in any part of the world, and to carry on the business of financiers, agents, miners, prospectors, farmers, graziers, merchants, etc. No initial public issue. Registered office, Worcester House, Walbrook. EC.

A GENERAL GORDON RELIC.

Captain Edmund Barker van Koughnet, R.N., C.M.G., of Bareleigh, Stevenage, Herts, J.P. for Herts. who served in the Nile Expedition for the relief of Khartoum, has left estate valued at £7,992. He bequeathed among other things to the trustees of the Provincial Museum Art Gallery of Ontario a paper note of Gordon money, signed "C. E. Gordon," which was obtained by him in the vicinity of Khartoum when serving with the Camel Corps in the Nile Expedition of 1885.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.

The Moss liner "Rameses" sailed from Liverpool on Sunday morning and is due here about the 4th June with passengers, mails, and general cargo.
The Ellerman S.S. "Sardinia" arrived at Manchester on Monday.
The Papayanni liner “Ararst" left Tangiers yesterday and is due here on the 30th. inst.

ENGLISH PENSION, ITALIAN RIVIERA
The best halfway house between Egypt and England is
VIAREGGIO, near PISA
Mail line expresses stop. Pine woods, Sands, Sea, bathing mild climate, English Pension, Villa Shelley, Every home comfort. Electric light. Modern sanitation.

NEW ROUTE FROM EGYPT TO EUROPE.

The quickest route to Europe from Egypt is destined to be the Pineus, Demirli and Frontier Railway, the construction of which is proceeding steadily, and is in the hands of the “Societe de Travaux pour L’Etranger”. (a Franco British oombination). In Thessaly work is now proceeding on the sections between Pintamilos and Skavamitza, a distance of 13 miles, and between Skavamitza and Demirli, a distance of 10 miles. Later on the line will be continued from Demirli to Larissa, a distance of 28 miles, permission having been already granted by the Greek Government. This section is expected to be completed within about two years. Eventually it is intended to carry the line from Larissa through the Vale of Tempe to connect with the Ottoman railway system. It is not yet, however, definitely settled at what spot the junction will be effected, but it is hoped that the entire undertaking will be completed within five years. The “Societe de Travaux pour L’Etranger” holds a concession from the Greek Government to work the entire line for a period of 50 years.

THE SUEZ CANAL SHARES.

We published Mr. Greenwood's statements on Friday last on the subject of Sir R Stanton and the Suez Canal shares, and in connection with this matter a correspondent writes as follows to a London contemporary:-

No one who has any knowledge of the eminent services of Gen. Sir. E. Stanton as Consul-General of this country in Egypt during the administration of the Khedive Ismail willful to do justice to the filial efforts of Gen. Stanton's son to protect the memory of his distinguished father from any imputation upon the record of one of the most admirable representatives of the best type of the British soldier and gentleman that was ever employed by the State, in the extraordinary difficulties and embarrasments of a complicated diplomatic position. This position Sir E. Stanton was called upon to fill at Cairo at a period to which Mr. Greenwood directed the remarks which he appears to have modified subsequently. In the troublesome epoch of the dual control I know that the intelligence, honesty and admirable directions of Sir E. Stanton's consular action were regarded with confidence by those who, like myself, were acquainted with him and his work.

SPORT AND PLAY.

REGATTA.

The following is tomorrow's handicap:—
Class I.
Boat	Time of start
Minnie	    2.30
Jennie	...	........ 2.33
May	. .	... ... ... 2.33
Celtic	...	...	2.36
Coot	... …… ... 2.57
Teir-El-Mina ................ 2.58
Leman	...	 ........ 3.02
Banshee	...	........  3.06
Agamy	...... ....... 3.09

Class II
Actae 	.	.	...
Derphil .................... 3.07
Rosamund .................... 3.14
Jessica	.......... 3.16
Cattelaya	
Akraba 	........ 3.18
Ironie • ... ................ 3.19
Tantah
Shamrock
Gumrook		.............. 3.24
Merry Mary
Masr
St. George’s	  '	3.26
Calypso	... .. 3.34
Laurea	. ...	  3.49

Class I. Course F. Class II. Course N.
The attention of members sailing in Class I. is particularly called to Course F, which is a new course and totally different to last year.

The “Agamy" on her new measurement rates 26.6. She therefore gives the "Banshee" (rating 24.3) 3 minutes.

A S C.

The following are the handicaps for the 2nd Summer Meeting:—
Ibrahim Handicap (1st day) —Khalil Pasha Khayat's Latiff, 10.7 . Ishack Bey Hussein’s Shakrour, 10.7 ; Ibrahim Bey Cherifs St. Fresquin, 9.11 ; Mcharrem Pasha Chehin's Chutney. 9.0 ; Messirs. W. B. Rees and G. H. Barker's India,9.5 ; Mr. E Karam’s Eclipse, 9.3 , Hussein Bey Sidnfi's Peacock, 9.0 ; Mr. M. Tueni’s Petrone. 9.0 ; Saleh Bey Yaghen’s Abon Arkoub. 8.10 ; Hussein Bey Sioufi’s Atragak. 9 3.

Omnium Stakes (2nd day).— Mohsen Pasha's Merry Rustic, 11.4 ; Khalil Pasha Khayat’s Bandusia, 8.10 ; Prince Mohamed Ibrahim's Fra Antonio,. 8.0.

The following is theband programme for Thursday's races :—
1. March
Z. Orzttir#—TTra Umrj Wins of WliSsr XittMaj.
I Tbn* luahaM vm-ewzo.
:»! *ii»ru-u Iww-Otm*
KWItW ‘ttlwra.
CoS mn Ik* KU*.
*ZbS Rdral BtrlaMn SsRP

GOLF
There will be a driving competition, commencing at 4.45 p.m. to-morrow (Wednesday on the A.S.C. grounds)

